for kangaroos the greatest challenges
come from within their own society for a
male there's only really one key lesson
to learn in his life to get to the top
he must become a fighter battles are so
brutal the male's need years of training
to prepare the effort is worth it
because a champion fighter wins
privileged access to the females this
meadow is a boot camp for aspiring
boxers training starts as soon as a
youngster is out of the pouch its mother
is a handy opponent for a young Joey
learning the basics
but he soon off in search of more
sparring partners the other grown-ups
are not so tolerant of this lightweight
you
[Music]
this male alone rules the meadow
he stands eight feet tall his muscles
hardened by years of sparring
today a challenger for his title has
come forward
full-blown fights are send dangerous
they're not entered into likely
but when two males square up it's time
to clear the arena
anything goes in these power struggles I
doubting is entirely within the rules
so is kicking below the belt
the dominant male skill is already
telling
[Music]
the stakes are high they risk broken
bones and internal injuries
certainly
it's all over the champion has beaten
off the Challenger at least for now
[Music]
you